[8/2, 17:24] : Breaking News. A group of student hikers has mysteriously disappeared after climbing the forbidden peak of Mount Echo.search parties tried to find them but failed since the mountain was incredibly large.till this day,no one knew what happened. Authorities are calling for an immediate investigation...
[8/2, 17:26] : The TV screen glitches out, flashes bright white, and the player instantly wakes up standing in the snowy forest.🕹️ The Gameplay Mechanics (How It Works)To keep it very fun but simple for primary schoolers to code, the gameplay is divided into three core mechanics:1. The "Warmth" Survival MeterThe Gameplay: Your player has a blue bar at the bottom of the screen called Warmth. As you walk through the snowy mountain, the bar slowly goes down.The Fun Part: If it hits zero, your screen freezes over, and you lose health. To refill it, you must follow the trail to find old campfires left by the students and light them using matches you find. This creates an addictive loop: Search for matches ➡️ Find a campfire ➡️ Stay warm ➡️ Move to the next area.2. The Polaroid Photo TrackerThe Gameplay: The player holds a realistic retro Polaroid camera. The mountain is pitch black, and your flashlight keeps flickering out because of the "alien energy."The Fun Part: When you click your mouse, the camera takes a flash photo. The photo takes 3 seconds to print on your screen. Because it's dark, you use the camera flash to see what is ahead of you. Sometimes, when the photo prints out, you will see the glowing eyes of the invisible entity standing right in front of you—even though you couldn't see it with your eyes!3. The Clue JournalThe Gameplay: Scattered around the forest are glowing pages from the lost hikers' diaries. Walking over them automatically adds them to a Journal GUI on your screen.The Fun Part: Reading the notes tells you the story and gives you the actual numbers for a keypad lock on a secret bunker door hidden in the mountain.👽 The Level Progression (The Story Loop)Area 1: The Trail: The player walks through a realistic, spooky pine forest following giant, weird footprints in the snow. You find the hikers' dropped backpacks and collect diary pages.Area 2: The Destroyed Camp: You find the tent sliced open. The gravity artifact is floating in the center. When you touch it, the sky turns purple, and nearby pine trees and rocks slowly float up into the air.Area 3: The Floating Escape: The final sequence! The invisible monster begins chasing you. You must jump across the floating rocks (like a Roblox Obby) while managing your Warmth meter to reach the rescue helicopter at the peak
[8/2, 17:30] : The Look: The player spawns in a pitch-black room. A flat GUI (ScreenGui) appears on their monitor showing an old, flickering 1980s wood-framed television.The Audio: Loud TV static hums. A voice clip or text scroll plays:"Day 4 of the search. A group of hikers has disappeared on Mount Echo. Their tent was found sliced open from the inside. Footprints show they ran into the freezing blizzard without shoes. If you have information..."The Transition: The TV screen suddenly plays a loud ZAP sound, glitches with white lines, and fades away. The player's screen flashes white, and they instantly spawn in the snowy forest.🌲 Act I: The Whispering Trail (Exploration)The Look: A hyper-realistic, dark pine forest. Cold wind sound effects play on a loop. The floor is made of smooth white Roblox terrain snow. A blue Warmth Bar appears at the bottom of the player's screen.The Gameplay Loop:The player's Warmth Bar slowly drops by 1 point every second.To survive, the player must follow a trail of giant, glowing footprints left in the snow.Along the trail, they find small abandoned campsites. Walking over a campsite automatically lights a fire, which completely refills their Warmth Bar.The Story Clue: At the second campfire, the player finds a glowing paper on the ground. When they touch it, a diary page pops up on their screen:"Day 2: We found a massive cave near the peak. There’s a humming sound coming from inside it. It’s making our flashlights glitch. Sarah says she hears whispering in the wind."🏕️ Act II: The Torn Campsite (The Twist)The Look: The player reaches a clearing surrounded by steep rocky cliffs. In the center is a large yellow tent. The side of the tent is completely shredded open with massive rip marks.The Gameplay Loop: The player must inspect the campsite to find a keycard to open the cave door at the back of the clearing.The Horror Mechanic: The player's flashlight begins to violently flicker on and off. When the flashlight goes dark, heavy breathing sounds play in the player's headphones.The Fourth Wall Break Jumpscare: When the player picks up the keycard from inside the shredded tent, a massive fake Roblox Error Message pops up on their screen saying: "Warning: The entity [Unknown_User] has joined your game." The error box disappears after 3 seconds, and a dark shadow figure vanishes behind the rocks.🌌 Act III: The Floating Void (The Climax)The Look: The player uses the keycard to open the heavy metallic cave door. Inside, the environment changes from a normal cave to a massive sci-fi chamber. In the center floats a giant, glowing purple alien crystal.The Gameplay Loop: As soon as the player walks near the crystal, a cutscene plays: the crystal pulses with bright purple light, and the gravity of the room breaks. Giant boulders, metal platforms, and pieces of the cave floor slowly float up into the air, creating a massive, glowing Roblox Obby (obstacle course).The Escape: The invisible monster begins to loudly roar and chase the player. The player must quickly parkour up the floating platforms to reach the exit at the very top of the cavern. Because the gravity is broken, the player's jump height is doubled, making the platforming feel incredibly fun and floaty.🚁 The Ending: Return to RealityThe Look: The player leaps off the final floating rock and lands inside a bright rescue helicopter parked at the mountain peak.The Final Scene: As the helicopter flies away, the camera pans down to look at the mountain. The entire mountain begins to glitch like a broken computer screen, turning into neon green code blocks before the screen cuts to black.The Credits: A text box pops up saying: "You survived Mount Echo... For now."💻 The Core Script: The Warmth MeterTo help your team get started right away, here is the exact, simple script for the Warmth Bar.Create a ScreenGui in StarterGui.Inside it, add a Frame (the background) and another Frame inside that (the actual blue bar, named Bar).Insert a LocalScript inside the Bar and paste this code:lualocal player = game.Players.LocalPlayer
local character = player.Character or player.CharacterAdded:Wait()
local humanoid = character:WaitForChild("Humanoid")
local bar = script.Parent

local warmth = 100 -- Start with 100% warmth

while true do
	task.wait(1) -- Wait 1 second
	warmth = warmth - 1 -- Drop warmth by 1
	
	-- Update the size of the blue bar on the screen
	bar.Size = UDim2.new(warmth / 100, 0, 1, 0)
	
	-- If the player gets too cold, they take damage
	if warmth <= 0 then
		warmth = 0
		humanoid.Health = humanoid.Health - 5
	end
end
Use code with caution.
